#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
boto3==1.40.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.40.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   binaryornot
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   nltk
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via secretstorage
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -c https:/raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock-sdk
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
django-statici18n==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
doc8==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
edx-codejail==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
edx-i18n-tools==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-submissions==3.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock-sdk
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nltk
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
keyring==25.6.0
    # via twine
lxml[html-clean]==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   chem
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   sympy
nh3==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   readme-renderer
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   chem
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-calc==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-django-pyfs==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
    #   twine
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-submissions
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
random2==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   id
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
    #   xblock-sdk
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   twine
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
secretstorage==3.4.0
    # via keyring
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-codejail
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-calc
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tox==4.30.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nltk
twine==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
web-fragments==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
xblock==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock-sdk
xblock-sdk==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
